Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Saraniah Aston: I was like, I have an appointment. When my name is Sonia. This is my credit card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was touching base with them. I'm like, she said she's
Gwenevere Abriel: There can look again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm kind of got this slack program where we connect communicate back and forth.
Saraniah Aston: That's good.
Saraniah Aston: Well, I think, a new guy first
Saraniah Aston: Opened up the video and then he didn't know what to do. So the, the chick. The girl. I don't remember her name. She just jumped right in
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so I'm settling into a note and it looks like you're trying to find a place to have me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I'm trying to put my phone.
Saraniah Aston: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me a chance to reveal a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Of last last week's note.
Saraniah Aston: All right, I'm a little crooked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's not a problem, as long as it's not moving. We're good. So I'm reading
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: We had sort of set aside, but maybe, maybe you already did the invitation. The homework invitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or no forgotten.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forgotten
Saraniah Aston: I my the last week has been insane. I haven't done anything productive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's minimize that, because that might not be really true.
Saraniah Aston: Well, except my brother was having an issue yesterday and I spoke to him. He's talking about how he feels like he's going insane living with mom and how he feels like he's sick and alone, and he can't handle mom and I talked to him about active coping.
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: Boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ooh, what did he
Saraniah Aston: Want developing healthy detachment.
Saraniah Aston: All of the wish for it all to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Different yeah that's hard to do.
Saraniah Aston: Wow, sis. You've learned a lot. I would like to talk more to you about these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so the fact that you were able to talk to him. Does this mean that he's like he uses math doesn't he
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay. So what's this deal like what's what's going on with him that makes him.
Saraniah Aston: So, so
Saraniah Aston: Well, he, he is I believe he's bipolar.
Saraniah Aston: But every time he gets medicine, he refuses to take it, or he'll take it for a week or something and then he'll get paranoid thoughts that
Saraniah Aston: That it's all just a bunch of bull and so he'll go off his medication and he was also taking Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Saraniah Aston: A fact my whole family has been for about, like,
Saraniah Aston: 10 years, I believe, and two months ago or right before we brought him here. He quit cold turkey.
And
Saraniah Aston: And now he's dealing with the aftermath of quitting cold turkey, because I'm thinking it stays in your system for a little while. And that's quite a jolt to your system.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I have heard, and of course it's anecdotal from my clients that are in here that have tried to kick abruptly. The buprenorphine Suboxone is a brand name so it can be can come from different brands, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That it is worse than heroin.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If he says he didn't taper at all. He just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
He was
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss
Saraniah Aston: I guess. Yeah, he was, and I guess that he still is feeling it a little bit. It's been about a month.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: But I told him like, you know, if you're on a healthy path and you need some help. I need some help to and you're willing to communicate with me, then I am willing to give it a try, as well.
Saraniah Aston: He was panicking, yesterday I went over there and he was just sweating and panicking and upset about our mom and and I just did something that our family does not ever do and I grabbed him and I gave him a bear hug.
Saraniah Aston: And I just like patted his back, kind of like a man looks like you're going to get through this. I'm right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we just take a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that is so different than that image I have him on the couch and there's nowhere for you to go this sense of doing it almost sounds like you knew just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just did it.
Saraniah Aston: Why don't you just saw him in a desperate moment and it could have gone either way, I guess. And it was kind of scary to to approach that um
Saraniah Aston: You know, and to to hug him. And what if he slipped out. He's just he helped me for a second, third, I was kind of surprised.
Saraniah Aston: And then he's like, and then we detach he's like nobody touches me and I'm like, I know it's not just you. It's our entire family. Get over it.
Saraniah Aston: So that was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I bet that that alone could be a discussion if you decided to talk, you know, hey, hey bro. What was that like to have me do that. Now, this is what I'm doing is I'm trying to tap into that natural instinctual.
Gwenevere Abriel: Healing that I have for myself, like if I was at unraveled panicking, I would want someone to ground me firmly to and I gave it to you. I didn't overthink it. Yes, I did. I didn't, I just did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it went well. He dismissed. You know, we don't don't hug me. We don't touch you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. He didn't punch in the nose or push it, you
Saraniah Aston: Know he did actually rub my back while I was holding
Saraniah Aston: Him. His hand was on my back.
Saraniah Aston: And Robbie. And then during the PAT PAT PAT AND THEN HE BROKE IT
Saraniah Aston: Was a moment there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, don't, don't minimize that, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: That was important.
Gwenevere Abriel: The message you just sent to that family system is a powerful one. We can not only, you know, write things down on a journal and regurgitate with a therapist says you put it into action.
Saraniah Aston: And I gave him one of my mini journals yesterday and I said here, you're an artist and you write put whatever you want in this journal. It's yours.
Saraniah Aston: And automatically I give him a pen. He's like, I've been looking for a pen and my pen.
Saraniah Aston: You have is like he started. He started writing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool. Really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we just did a fact finding expedition because you started today with what a week. Right. Oh, this week.
Saraniah Aston: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, what are the facts. Let's take all of
Gwenevere Abriel: The analysis. Just give me some facts.
Saraniah Aston: So I have to leave this apartment, um, by the fifth of next month. My mom.
Saraniah Aston: This is not a very good situation, but it is what it is. She has a separate studio on her property. And I'm going to just take that until I find another place. I'm moving out of this place because the owner
Saraniah Aston: is disgusting.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's always
Saraniah Aston: Been like hell and it was supposed to be like this new beginning for me and just the whole thing was just awful. So
Saraniah Aston: I mean the the owners okay with it. And he said he would actually give me back my deposit and I spoke with my mom, I basically told her. I'm taking over your studio and putting all my stuff in in the garage and storage and be looking for an apartment from there. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: So, you know, at least it's outside. You know, I have met in space.
Saraniah Aston: It's not ideal but
Saraniah Aston: I think it's, it might be good for me to be a little bit closer to my brother right now. I don't know. Okay, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: So what else
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: I have a lot of problems with my mom and
Saraniah Aston: Her bringing my father here and not telling me or my brother, I'm
Saraniah Aston: really messed with both of our heads. So thank you. So go ahead, is it. Most definitely. Most of my head because he seems to have like Alzheimer's or something. I'm taking him to the doctor.
Saraniah Aston: And she actually asked me if I would consider taking a year out of my life to rent a house with my father and look after him.
Saraniah Aston: Because she doesn't know what to do with him.
Saraniah Aston: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a bigger than a big ask that was the big, the big ask
Gwenevere Abriel: And so just take a second don't even know that that's, I don't even know. That's the thing that's not even a thing. So, wait a second, hold on, let's check in on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you feel physically when you heard that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because remember, the homework was I didn't remember but that's okay I'm gonna see if you actually registered, some of it. It was to pay attention to the body's message.
Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: How that I mean even thinking about it now. Well, how about you take a year out of your life. I don't want you don't know this man and and just sort of blood. He's your Father and just you take care of take care of them, nevermind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be live in the same town and occasionally bump into him and have a few awkward moments and maybe one good one. Once a year for a few years, but no live with them.
Saraniah Aston: And I, at first I felt really strong. And I felt like wow she really thinks I can do something like that.
Saraniah Aston: Like I felt like it would make her proud or something.
Saraniah Aston: And so at
Saraniah Aston: First, I was like, You know what, okay, I'll think about it. And then I thought about it, and then I came back to her was like a hell no. What are you thinking
Saraniah Aston: There's no chance like to do that and fruit. And second of all, what is our most important mission from when I came back to the States. We had a mission and then mission is he law my
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay focused people
Saraniah Aston: Taking care of. I told that to my brother to and he's like, yeah, you're right.
Saraniah Aston: You're absolutely right. And
Saraniah Aston: And I told that to my mom to told her I was like, I don't understand where the motivation for Sheila is and I feel like we're going backwards here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's look at this a little closer. Let's look at this concept of boundaries. Notice how I asked you how your body felt. I didn't get that what I got from you, was yes. You said yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt complimented. I like that. My like how my mom sees me she sees me as capable and I feel strong
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what your body was feeling at the time. I'm still going to invite that homework.
Saraniah Aston: Tense. I already know, I remember tense and anxious and full of
Saraniah Aston: Like when you're about to get on
Saraniah Aston: A roller coaster ride.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't like her. So that's not likely to happen.
Saraniah Aston: Like a yeah like
Saraniah Aston: It was like
Saraniah Aston: Oh, suddenly I'm a new world of possibility opened up. And so my body was tense. I was anxious by the thought of it by talking about it. I'm
Saraniah Aston: Meeting. I had to breathe.
Saraniah Aston: I had to get my full breath and
Saraniah Aston: I guess that's all I got from it but
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more and more. I'll be being more aware
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it's okay. Don't give yourself a hard time or feel like, Hey, I didn't do this homework. It's really, it is a hard thing to remember because we don't pay attention to it. You have kind of wondered, well, how do I get started on this process. And this is a great way to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Neat chain of reactions happen can happen. One of them includes time
Saraniah Aston: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the breath. And that allows the mind to connect with different parts of the brain to think, Wait a second. Why am I saying yes I say yes, really want my mom to see me this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, it's coming up. What do I want and then right. You could have probably found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the euro, what's my mission. What what what what my need for approval my need to be viewed in a particular way just took off got me to say yes. Wait a second. Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait, no. What's the mission all energy toward hema
Gwenevere Abriel: hema hema hema coming here.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, and it took me a couple of days.
Saraniah Aston: To get to that should happen right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're not used to this, you're not used to this know at least you kind of hear. Hey, listen, was there a time in your life you want to move down in
Gwenevere Abriel: So some credit. Come on.
Saraniah Aston: I just wrote down homework.
Saraniah Aston: How do you feel physically so
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is
Saraniah Aston: Written down as homework. Then I'll actually do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what it looks like, it looks like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I scan my body. I know. Look, I have a phone in my hand right now south facing me see out here, I just put it in my hand. I'm scanning my body. This is what actually do
Saraniah Aston: I'm writing this down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it before you look at a text before you answer a phone before you walk out into the public and that means out in the living room. That means before you make contact with another human being you check baseline how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, okay, I can feel a lot of I feel tension up here. These think the trapezius muscles that are kind of what I consider shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I look at my phone. I see a text and I pay attention to my body, but the text and I don't read it, I just see who it's from. I can usually get a response in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just by the sender if it's my mom, right, or if it's brother. If it's an X. I'm going to Zach, I'm going to feel it. So I'm speaking as if I'm you right that's going to be used. So then you scan you don't read the checks you just pay attention, the body. Where did I feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, maybe you'll notice like this. We're all hunched over some things like you're looking to catch it. You go, Whoa, look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now and then you can write that down. And then you go pick it up, read it, see if there's another one. See if there's another one is you keep reading. That's how you're staying in contact with your body journal it so it's literally before you jump outside check yourself. How am I doing
Saraniah Aston: That's exactly what I wrote. I wrote everything down first.
Saraniah Aston: Check yourself by body scan do the Superman scan is if it's going straight through you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way into the guts. The bones and muscles, tendons,
Saraniah Aston: OK, and then how I feel. Afterwards, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. After you have social contact contact is seeing the the center of a text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right before I logged on I check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how I'm going to meet my next encounter. I'm coming with a physical bias already. I've already activated. You know, I'm already with this uncertainty and and see Patsy global nightmare. I'm already kind of edgy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm known, you know, that's how I am biased when I'm meeting my clients how I'm meeting people socially walking out there picking up the phone. I'm already like right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, already like, I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm aware of it, which means I might have some control over it. If I can be aware. I can say, Okay, I've already got a bias.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be able to label when I start to kind of go a little dialed up. I can leave a little, little sooner. I can maybe let people know yeah I'm a little unfriendly steer clear for an hour.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I think that's what I'm gonna have to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Moving on to
Gwenevere Abriel: Some things stuck there. Let's look at what stuck. There's the what I think happened was,
Gwenevere Abriel: You acted your brain probably went in lightning speed. I know this is against the family norm, my brother might actually be aggressive and you did it anyway. I wonder how you decided to rely on your intuition of what to do versus what the family dictate is wonder why you did that.
Saraniah Aston: Because I know that I'm different now.
Saraniah Aston: I know that I'm hardcore. I know that I'm tough.
Saraniah Aston: I know it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I'm tougher than then I'm just, it's just the way that it's not what I've learned over the past 10 years. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have faced so many difficult things and you're here to tell about it. I mean, your testament to what adversity. You can endure and you are okay you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, something happened you followed you followed some intuition there.
Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: I saw a man in pain.
Saraniah Aston: And I could feel that pain.
Saraniah Aston: And the confusion of the moment in his in his mind. I could feel that I could see that I could see that anxiety in his eyes. The helplessness hopelessness.
Saraniah Aston: I feel those things and people so
Gwenevere Abriel: And you
Saraniah Aston: Just boiled and boil and boil it until I was ready to just attack love attack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, wow. So you sat with it for a while. Actually, you are listening to him for a while.
Saraniah Aston: I thought I was talking to him and listening to him, but I felt myself building up to something. Something was building up
Saraniah Aston: And I knew it. And my head started racing at that moment. It was like ah just grab them.
Saraniah Aston: But then I thought, but what if he doesn't like not
Saraniah Aston: Just grab him and so I did. I just listened to my intuition completely
Saraniah Aston: And I just kind of grabbed them bear hugged him. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she did more than that you have him you Patty. You remember hitting him like like as in, you know, it wasn't this OH THERE. THERE YOU and YOU SAID WOULD YOU SAY AGAIN.
Saraniah Aston: I think I said I got your back.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what I
Saraniah Aston: Learned not crazy. I got your back. I understand you.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Was there any of the. It's going to be okay or any of those
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I said,
Saraniah Aston: It's going in the in the in the big picture, Travis. It's going to be okay. Okay.
Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I told him I'm struggling to I don't talk about that much, but I really am. And I'm really working on it too.
Saraniah Aston: He's proud of that. He kind of looks at that, like, wow, she's working on herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I see out here is what snapshot obviously is far more complicated, but it almost looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were feeling what Travis was feeling AND YOU KNOW IT FROM FIRSTHAND EXPERIENCE. It's almost like you were doing that give what you didn't get like you were grounding yourself, you are giving him grounding.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was this mutual thing and it was intense. And it didn't last long. But it worked. I don't know. Let's see. What was the conversation like after that.
Saraniah Aston: Oh. After that, he was like he calmed down, and we left the garage at all happen in the garage and I was bringing some stuff over and he's helping me
Saraniah Aston: He didn't really know what to say. Actually, I think the whole thing was just different for him. So we broke apart and he went to the house and I continue doing what I was doing. And then I went back into the house and I he was on the porch and
Saraniah Aston: My mother and I were leaving to go to Walmart and he said he said somebody spoke, we asked him travels. Do you want anything from Walmart and he's like very meek.
Saraniah Aston: He said, Well, I would like to shave. I want to look pretty to that means he was being humorous.
Yes.
Saraniah Aston: That means his mood change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Saraniah Aston: And we came back from war. He was great.
Saraniah Aston: He was calm.
Saraniah Aston: He was helpful to my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me which medication works that fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gave him grounding. You got it. You both got to carry on with your day and it was as eloquent as you're tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of what you needed to just really kind of I really relate to this man's challenge is my challenge to I grew up with this insanity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can completely spit off in to the ethers with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now hug.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you didn't have this, you know. Right here, right here. It wasn't this squishy thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was really kind of containing the intensity and
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't expecting you to say all of these positive things but I gotta tell you something. How much affection. Have you grown up with in your family of origin.
Saraniah Aston: Not enough
Saraniah Aston: Not much at all, actually.
Saraniah Aston: That's something that I've been thinking about recently, I'm
Saraniah Aston: Only when I was little. When I was with my dad.
Saraniah Aston: When I was little, my dad and I were very close. I'm like inseparable. But he was also manipulating me to like control my mother too. So that was really difficult but in his own way.
Saraniah Aston: He really loved me.
Saraniah Aston: I forgot what the question was. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just reminisce you just went back
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Saraniah Aston: That's kind of the question, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The question becomes less relevant to what's happening, what are you starting to think about right now I can bring us back to the original question.
Towards
Saraniah Aston: It's really hard now.
Saraniah Aston: Because I've grown up. And one of the things that he said to me is, you know,
Saraniah Aston: Honey, you can yell at me as much as you want as much as you need. Go right ahead.
Saraniah Aston: And I told him I wish you could have told me that like 10 years ago.
Saraniah Aston: Because I really wouldn't have
Saraniah Aston: But now I don't have it in me. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell me what the tears are saying
Saraniah Aston: That it's unfortunate that
Saraniah Aston: It'll never be
Saraniah Aston: That kind of bond that we had when I was six, seven years old.
Saraniah Aston: It will never be that it can't be that
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, so in a way
Saraniah Aston: I feel like I've totally lost my dad, but I've been feeling that way for a long time.
Saraniah Aston: And know he's here.
And
Saraniah Aston: I just, I don't know.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know what's expected of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds really honest with
Saraniah Aston: You. I just don't. I just don't know.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know what he might expect from me or and my mom.
Saraniah Aston: I just don't know. So I'm with you know with all you can do. I don't have the answers. I don't have answers. I just
Saraniah Aston: Went
Saraniah Aston: But I know my intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's your intention. Tell me about those
Saraniah Aston: To be there.
Saraniah Aston: Maybe not physically all the time, but for it to be known.
Saraniah Aston: That I am there if I am needed, but I am there in my way.
Saraniah Aston: I have my way
Saraniah Aston: Not the way
Saraniah Aston: Of my mom, my dad, and with anybody. I have my way, so
Saraniah Aston: If anyone needs my help or my to
Saraniah Aston: Be family and be strong and
Saraniah Aston: Get through this, then
Saraniah Aston: Then, allow me to show you a different way than what we've been doing our entire lives.
Saraniah Aston: How about being real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, yep. So you are indeed it's it truly does look like you're getting your adult feet on the ground.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's still wobbly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right still you're assessing expectation. So you started this conversation with I'm just still unclear what are the expectations. What's my role here. Who am I, what I'm not six
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to have a tantrum. I don't want to be manipulated on one a minute be late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honest and want to be real. And yet the old habit of what's the expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's tricky there and but she did come back. He came back to wait a second. I do know what I want. I want to be real. I want to be honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's it. That's my intention. Okay. I want to be honest, I want to be honest, I want to be honest about
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's about what I can give when I can give it you guys are welcome to ask me, feel free to ask. And I'll give what I have to give. There's a boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a really clear one actually please know that you are always invited to ask. I'm here. If I have the time. If I have money. If I have, if it's a resource of making food or helping clean helping organize a repair something if I have it. I will tell you honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: If I have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different. That's a real boundary type of statement. And I'm wondering if that's sort of the therapist version of all do it my way. I'll do it my way of being, not the way the family dictates, but I'm going to do being available to this family in sarnie his way.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah. Well, I mean, that's all I can do really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you haven't been. No, you haven't what you've been doing is twisting around like a plot pretzel trying to match what you're perceived you're perceiving an expectation. You've been twisted around
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very disappointed and hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how it looks out here. I
Saraniah Aston: Know you're right it does. Absolutely.
Saraniah Aston: On the news. I was considering
Saraniah Aston: This might be intense if they will the intensity agree.
Saraniah Aston: But just to schedule a big old family meeting where we put everything on the table. All of it. Everything, all of it.
Saraniah Aston: So I was thinking, Oh, all right. Everybody a letter. I'll schedule a date.
Saraniah Aston: And I'll ask them to get back to me and let me know if they plan to attend.
Saraniah Aston: And I think that might be a good thing to do.
Saraniah Aston: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me check in. Let me check a temperature reading here.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a family therapist, of course, I love a family meeting all a big fan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have had quite a few of them facilitated quite a few of them big fan. Always know before I start, what I want from them. I'm always really clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are the things that will be discussed. This is time limited and this is what the agenda kinda is, this is what my expectation is this what I want from it. So what do you want from a family meeting.
Saraniah Aston: A clean slate with everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: And clean slate.
Saraniah Aston: Mean meeting a fresh start.
Saraniah Aston: After we've dug up everything that we get out for the table, cried and argued over it, whatever felt bad about ourselves, whatever we got over it so
Saraniah Aston: As I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want from it is a clean slate.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, but it's a clean slate to start fresh and to get to know each other. Now, as adults, because that's what we have.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is true.
Saraniah Aston: And time is really, really short.
Saraniah Aston: And if we want to be a family. Let's try to be a functioning functional one dysfunctional sick family.
Saraniah Aston: I wonder if that's me trying to take on too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, I know I'm kind of freaking out over here.
Saraniah Aston: That's because you like the
Saraniah Aston: The thought of a group me a family meeting and you know that my family is going to be really intense. So, I bet you wish you could be a fly on the wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to know. I think it's not that
Saraniah Aston: What you're telling me, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love the idea
Gwenevere Abriel: But first, let's take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What does clean slate status really look at your family really look at him, not with wishful thinking. But with clear eyes, the ones that have seen years of behavior and evidence to support what is it that clean slate will look like on mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would give you permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be known by her and to get to know her. So on mom if
Gwenevere Abriel: She says you're a blah, blah, blah. And I resent you for blah, blah, blah. And you go, Okay, I got it you resent me for blah, blah, blah. And you call me, blah, blah, blah. And yes, as much as that hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's over. So what is it that you picture. She's now going to be able to do in order to really get to know you, because it's get to know each other and be a functional family. So, but it's about know you. Let's just stay with that a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is it about her that's going to change with this clean slate status.
Saraniah Aston: In her with her. She's actually going to be the hardest one of everybody.
Saraniah Aston: To let go, you know,
Saraniah Aston: I'm not sure I can't see it, really. I can't see what what what how
Saraniah Aston: She would be after that if it would be if it would help in any way for her if she would just
Saraniah Aston: carry on with
Saraniah Aston: introverted inside herself and
Saraniah Aston: Still not
Saraniah Aston: Quite open and I don't know I have a little bit of trepidation right word and trepidation.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But this
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: You can kind of predict a little bit that
Gwenevere Abriel: This emoting cathartic experience of just sort of scorch. Let's start over. And let's reboot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I. Where did you learn that that's an effective technique, just tell me where you're coming up with this idea
Saraniah Aston: Um, well, I mean, I studied I studied psychology. So, and I just
Saraniah Aston: I just know that about the family meeting you know family.
Saraniah Aston: Family
Saraniah Aston: Family is singing together hunkering down getting through it.
Saraniah Aston: Usually there's a therapist there. There's a mediator some sort, but
Saraniah Aston: And I feel like I'm that person right now but
Saraniah Aston: Like I have to be both.
Saraniah Aston: But I feel like I am the strongest one out of all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So some suspicion that even though she
Gwenevere Abriel: cathartic which means we sort of let all of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: pent up thoughts and feelings out that she might continue per same behavior. There is a suspicion.
Saraniah Aston: Right, I'm not, I'm not so certain that it will have the full like flush over her like it'll fully like
Saraniah Aston: If she'll just let out she's got so much inside and she puts it on me and I know all about it. So I will know if she's not duty, um,
Saraniah Aston: So I will know if she doesn't
Saraniah Aston: And
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: I don't know. I don't know what I how I would do what I would do about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's
Saraniah Aston: The
Saraniah Aston: I would have to just be grateful for any kind of positive positivity that outcome from the meeting grateful for what is good.
Saraniah Aston: From it, and I really think that my mom, my dad, and my brother will be
Saraniah Aston: You know, very open and everything.
Saraniah Aston: My mom is one that I don't think is going to be completely on board. I think she'll get
Defensive
Saraniah Aston: She'll just get into her ways of making excuses. Excuses, excuses defensive defensive defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it possible this meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your brother talks about how he has felt crazy in some of the dynamics between mother and son you share some of the crazy making experiences and and
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad, you know, if she doesn't have the ego strength to hear people's opinions.
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Saraniah Aston: How do you want me to tell her that that's going to be part of the meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I tell mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have the ego strength. I'm still going to come out to you with all of this, it's going to feel like a criticism and blame.
Gwenevere Abriel: On you don't have the ego strength. I'm still gonna come out you. How does that serve. How does that serve what you want a clean slate versus her storming out throwing something just leaving the meeting. How does, how do you prevent something like that from happening.
Saraniah Aston: I stopped her again.
Saraniah Aston: I try. I guess by saying, Mom.
Saraniah Aston: I'm your daughter. This is your family go sit down.
Saraniah Aston: Please, and then I will see her lips trembling.
Saraniah Aston: And she'll do it i can i can imagine that she would do it. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: She probably be silent for most of the rest of the time, but I could see it some point while she's silent.
Saraniah Aston: At some point, I know she's gonna say something and
Saraniah Aston: There's she has a chance. You know, it's up to her to see whether she'll take it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think she has that needs to be said. What does she need to get off her chest.
Saraniah Aston: Well, she's
Saraniah Aston: It's tricky because there's been tons of lies throughout our childhood and teenage years and years.
Saraniah Aston: So me made so many stories that she made up.
Saraniah Aston: Um,
Saraniah Aston: I don't know, I'm not sure.
Saraniah Aston: Maybe if you know me, I'm meeting isn't a good i don't know i
Saraniah Aston: Know, we should do it on zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so sorry Nia you're getting there. So now I'm posing these questions so that you can sort of think it through, right. These are the scenarios in and of itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great instrument.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not, I could try and brush my teeth with it. It's still a great instruments. Fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: But i don't know i don't i don't know how to use it.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I get it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it turns out a piece of this is clean slate for you. Maybe there's a piece. Maybe you can get the pieces that are beneficial about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What could you be doing
Gwenevere Abriel: That can feel like clean slate. When you enter the home with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: She would make contact with your dad make contact with your brother hope would get you to that clean slate state, what would get you there.
Saraniah Aston: I think it would be mostly communicating with my father and my brother, because I kind of feel like my mom is a little bit hopeless at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay with Father. Now, your dad. Your father gave you an opportunity and you heard it sort of as if like, I'm not seven anymore. Like, I'm not gonna sit here and yellow you like a seven year old, but don't miss an opportunity if this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this might be the one you know what dad. It's not going to be like when I was seven. I'm not going to have a tantrum. But I want to get some things off my chest. So, you know, I know you know
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, he did offer me that. So I might is I shouldn't stake in it, I guess.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe you'll write it
Saraniah Aston: But these things are so hardcore like to give you an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course you can.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, so every time throughout the years. When I have tried to add him on like my Facebook account, for example.
Saraniah Aston: I post my art or myself portraits, or things that people really really like is if they say that I'm talented and all kinds of stuff.
Saraniah Aston: But my father never likes one of my photos, not one never presses like on anything. And on his page. He shows pictures. He put post pictures of family members like nieces that have families that he's proud of.
Saraniah Aston: Everyone's mentioning me
Saraniah Aston: Never month once mentioning my daughter, nothing. It's kind of sadistic and
Saraniah Aston: If I approached him with that question. Why, how would you do that like avoid liking my photos liking my pictures liking what I say anything that I post but throwing it in my face all these other young women that you're so router.
Saraniah Aston: And he never mentioning my name at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 of these, these are completely reasonable things to bring up to your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're completely reasonable
Saraniah Aston: This is to my dad.
Saraniah Aston: I know. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They are they're reasonable
Saraniah Aston: I just don't know how he's gonna react or
Saraniah Aston: Seek with
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, look.
Saraniah Aston: It's a real thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing we have. We can't change his solution to whatever his psychology is we can't change it, but you're you're crossing over. This is one of those boundary pieces where you go over into you go over to his side and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't, like, what kind of father would do that how that makes no sense. You can't do it. You go over to the side of where he is makes no sense to you, but who asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay on your side. He didn't say, Come psychoanalyze me what he said was screen, you need to get mad at me and you need to let it all out. Well, okay then that's a different story. Then how about it's telling him how you feel and the meaning that it means to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And drop expectation as in here you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe it isn't a letter or maybe when it said it's and I want to let this all out. But I don't want to hear. Not for a day. I want to be the one more. I say it all and none of it is undone I some story some excuse I want you to hold it. I want you to sit there with my truth.
For 25 true
Gwenevere Abriel: For 24 hours. I don't want to hear a yes but from you, not even with an eye roll.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want the rug pulled out from under me. No, that's what I want to add. And then if you do that, I might. I'll see be able to hear whether my reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is even close to what yours was dad, but just for 24 hours. I want you to hold nine and imagine what it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: To think that only cares about other women that are either even like my age, how come me, how come not me. Imagine what that's like. Imagine the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm throwing out there is, it's not a family meeting, but we're looking closer at what you really need. Maybe there's a different thing. Maybe there's a different instrument that
Gwenevere Abriel: You get what you need it. We've already explored this notion that maybe letting go of the wish that mom be different. That might be a thing, letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'll for your own sanity.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know her.
Saraniah Aston: She's a great person.
Saraniah Aston: She's a great person but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: If you see something with that there might be something there that maybe you'll have access to a different kind of adult father daughter friendship love relationship there might be an honest chance
Gwenevere Abriel: And it sounds like you're curious to know if I do this clean slate thing. Maybe you'll have a chance to see if he's capable of being honest not leveraging not doing any kind of anything to try and angle leverage with you said ex wife and brother and whatever else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you have
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of clear with him.
Saraniah Aston: Well he's starting to figure it out. Now that like he'll say things to me.
Saraniah Aston: When I say
Saraniah Aston: Okay, well let's talk because we're both trying to like understand what's going on ourselves.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm
Saraniah Aston: When
Saraniah Aston: My God, I lose him so add today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to communicate with each other. One of the things that I had asked was, what's the way for you to feel like a clean slate with your brother, and you were started going into we're both kind of learning how to talk to each other, figure out what's going on how we feel in our family.
Saraniah Aston: Oh yeah okay is that he is starting to see that within my time in Israel is when I grew up. I am not the girl.
Saraniah Aston: That left 1011 years ago, I am so different and he's starting to realize that, so he might say things like, if I mentioned well me we should bring this up to my dad or to our mom.
Saraniah Aston: And he'll say, oh, well, you'll start you'll just sit there and then you'll start complaining about. You'll ruin the conversation because we'll just start bitching and complaining about your
Saraniah Aston: Childhood blood, the blood. I'm like, Travis. You don't know me now. And he's like, oh yeah, you're right. I keep forgetting you grew up, you're right. Sorry. Since I forgot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it'd be a chance for. So what would, what kind of things would you really want to clear have a clean slate. Do you need to forgive him. What is clean slate haphazard happened between you and brother.
Saraniah Aston: I think we both need to forgive each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like a tool. And let me tell you why I think that you know how you just said, I'm not that little girl I don't make any given argument about me. I don't redirect it to. Well, what about me. Look how I was wrong. If you don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not saying, hey, my childhood was really bad. We're not going to go through that. So maybe it's about. Let me tell you what I forgive you for
Gwenevere Abriel: I forgive you for this, this and this and here's what I forgive myself for and maybe even hey brother. Hey, Travis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you forgive me for this. I believe I've wronged you. Here I believe I've wronged you. Here I let myself down I let our friendship down I Brett, I let you down. I I'm asking for forgiveness to he's a different kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite like this group like brawl, the
Saraniah Aston: Individual kind of thing.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, that might be a little safer to for everybody. And you know what, I guess that might be good. Since this is my thing. And mostly, you know, it's my
Saraniah Aston: Wish
Saraniah Aston: But yeah, that might be a better idea. Instead of having everybody just in a group setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's process a little bit as we kind of reach the top
Saraniah Aston: We gotta go. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: I wrote down my work.
Saraniah Aston: So,
Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've circled I've taken some notes as we were talking and one of the things that you had kind of veered off from that I said I'll remember it all bring us back was what has been affection, like in your family of origin and then it led us down this conversation. Okay.
Affection
Gwenevere Abriel: So something to think about not bringing up a new topic, but I said that I would remind you of something that kind of got for
Gwenevere Abriel: Floor because in tethering it to how intuitive that was of you to reach out to your brother who was in distress and and maybe the new
Gwenevere Abriel: Solution is hey hey brother. Hey, Travis. There might be times when I just say just hug me real tight or I might reach out for a hug and it's okay. It will only last for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm going to do it because I needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I love you and I need you and I get lost to I need grounding. Right, so maybe see how there might be something there. I don't know. Some recipe. I'm just saying, take a look at at fam add affection.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the question though the actual question I'm writing it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had asked you what was affection, like in your family of origin.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, because I want to think about that and an answer right down
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the other piece. This has more to do with if I have one invitation. Today it's let's go slow. Let's go slow and intentional because you're worth it, because what you're talking about are healing, deep, deep
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're not just the
Gwenevere Abriel: Many
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So why not go slow. And if you are only get one chance to ask for what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see her when if you only have a little bit of time with someone they only got their attention a little bit of time. Let's see that you really get
Gwenevere Abriel: From that exchange and so next time even. Let's take a look at expectation. Again, we did it. I did it with you with the failing meeting. Like, let's take a real close look at what you want out of this and see if this is the right instrument to get you there.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then under when you looked at it further on your own. You said, Hmm, maybe this family thing this family meeting. I don't know. That's going to get me there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And when you got there by answering some questions. I just kind of poked at it a little bit. Poke Poke Poke Poke Poke and you got there by yourself.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I love your little poke.
Saraniah Aston: Just guide me a little bit, you know, like
Saraniah Aston: To the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But later on, later on, let's say there are some really profound healing events.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you forgive yourself, your father forgives you. He starts to ask you questions that he actually means it like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like he doesn't already know the answer, where you guys get to know each other. And there's a new sibling trust like oh yeah hey I'm like you. Hey, we're friends like there's a new thing growing
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean time down in the future. You could have a family meeting, but it's not it's not a clean slate one it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check in with each other. How are we doing, hey, let's talk about what this holiday season is going to be we've always done it like this. What do you want from it. I want to be the things I want to do that. Well, what do you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it's about content and it's not about this gut wrenching stuff, but it's about how to plan for the future. What if a family meeting is let's communicate directly about what we want for whatever little things coming up, it could still be useful.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it might be a little less intense and earth shaking
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a neat place. It's actually, there's some embedded safety mechanisms in a family meeting that meeting one on one doesn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say it is about, you know, the holidays or something, or how
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a IF YOUR DAUGHTER DOES GET HERE. What are our resources and what are you guys willing to do what am I will, you know, I don't know what the topic would be
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's say everybody's on board. And that's what the discussion is going to be an interesting thing happens because we're kind of held accountable when there's a bunch of people in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're kind of we're in check. Like, I'm going to maybe say a little bit more care. I'm going to show some cool things can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's witnesses, so I can't get away with triangulating anymore.
Saraniah Aston: That's why I thought the family meetings, it would be good because it's a bunch. It's every there's no hi Renee are hiding and also that way, my mom and my dad are corners. They have to like answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. But the problem with it is in this the reason why I went out of the way I did is, they're not in therapy. They don't have new skill.
Saraniah Aston: Right, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honored animal is gonna bite back hard and hurt and lash out and really, it could it could be, it could go south.
Saraniah Aston: Right.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm not a therapist either, so we
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to make money.
Saraniah Aston: And so yeah, you're
Saraniah Aston: You're a
Gwenevere Abriel: Smaller really meaningful repairs here with this this relationship and repairing this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then that's the new precedent. And then when we all need your mom can either decide to buy into this new honest way of communicating or she can run her own game her old one. But, but she may look odd now that people are talking directly to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and then it's like, she'll get the message sort of passively without being you're the bad guy here. But then she's kind of watching. She's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Dang, my family's talking direct I I gotta take a second. I can't play anybody against anybody. I can't be the martyr. I can't do guilt trip. What else have I got to do maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'll just be direct. So anyway, it's not saying your ideas and it's a good one. It's a great one. Okay, so let's meet again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got your honey.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look forward to hearing about it. Scan
Saraniah Aston: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's named next week.
Saraniah Aston: Oh my god happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, anyway. Okay. Um, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: Same thing 110
Saraniah Aston: You mean one to 110 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm 10 on May 5
Saraniah Aston: That's next Tuesday. Yes, ma'am.
Saraniah Aston: Already I will be here. I'll, I'll come early this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, set an alarm set an alarm so that you know i know you're coming because I've got people on a waitlist that are kind of like, you know, might be here and not
Gwenevere Abriel: Be good to know. As I'm looking in in Slack to see your equivalent would be the waiting room to see if you're there, and I didn't know you're gonna make it.
Saraniah Aston: Oh, I'm never not gonna come to these acquaint
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I don't get. It says Sarah Nia on your name here, but they can't see you in virtual clinic. They can't see your name there. They weren't seeing you. I don't know if your name shows up like the way your name is because, well, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I look forward to seeing you in group.
Saraniah Aston: I do too. Thank you. I really appreciate your care and your time.
Saraniah Aston: All right.
Saraniah Aston: Take care.
Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: On time, no see.
Ramon: I even
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got the sense somewhere. I don't know where which communication that you weren't feeling well. Um, what was going on.
Ramon: Man, I think it's still that situation where they said I'm allergic to marijuana
Ramon: So I think this time starting tomorrow I'm going to actually stop for about a month or two, and see it. That's it. Exactly what it is or if it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it that you're vomiting.
Ramon: Yeah, it's that my. It's not necessarily that I'm vomiting is I wake up in my stomach hurts really really bad. And because my stomach hurts so bad I start throwing up because of the pain.
Ramon: And then from marriages uncontrollably. I can't hold nothing down I start having like closed almost like withdraws
Ramon: Almost exactly like a withdraw start getting cold sweat low on energy
Ramon: The shivers.
Ramon: cassis can lay still but want to lay still like it's bad. And last is to, like, like, so I get up at six o'clock in the morning, every day, and anytime it happens. It happens around 630
Ramon: And it'll last all the way till about five or six in the evening before I'm actually able to get out of bed and actually stand up and do something.
Ramon: And this weekend was my the worst weekend yet. It happened to me three times. It happened to me on Friday. HAPPY TO ME ON SATURDAY AND MONDAY.
Gwenevere Abriel: How soon after you take some oxygen doesn't happen.
Ramon: Almost immediately.
Ramon: Because sometimes what I think it is sometimes I'll take my Suboxone and sit down. I'll hop in a bath or a shower not try to do like a 30 minute shower to let us a box and kick in and stuff, but it just doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this has been going on for a long time.
Ramon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well keep me posted about the marijuana. If you rule that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep communicating that to Dr. Solomon because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not okay. He was on up all the time, there's something going on that's a significant najah in a fever. Those are significant events like really
Ramon: District so i don't i don't get a fever.
Ramon: I don't like I don't call for nothing. It's not like it should. My temperatures, good my heart rate goes down really low. It goes to like 3332
Ramon: And I think that's part of the reason why I feel the way I feel is because when I get sick, my heart rate drops really low, but because they said when you're supposed to get sick. Your heart rate supposed to be like 5060 and minds is anywhere between 28 and 33
Gwenevere Abriel: So he is a separate get to the point where you don't make it to work.
Ramon: Because yes, definitely. I didn't come to work yesterday.
Ramon: Or Friday.
Ramon: And I had to come in and tell my boss exactly what happened to us at the doctors don't know what it is they can't figure it out. It just half
Ramon: And I'm sorry I could try to come work but I doubt it.
Ramon: I can't even drive
Gwenevere Abriel: How long have you gone when you in the past when you've kind of dabbled in this idea of cutting back on on cannabis. How many days are you able to abstain.
Ramon: Zero. It was more like I just cut down a whole lot
Ramon: You know what I was doing. I wasn't
Ramon: Looking as much
Ramon: But this time I think Imma just try to stop it. See what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years have you been smoking.
Ramon: Pretty much since I was like 1112
Gwenevere Abriel: So like
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Ramon: I have before. Like when. But that's when I was young, I guess I had a stuff like probation and I couldn't
Ramon: Because I had a female officer. She didn't watch me use the bathroom and nothing, and I could okie doke. My way but I didn't. I stopped and I did it the right way because I could
Ramon: So I feel like I should be able to do it again. That was a long time ago that was like 12 years ago 13 years ago but
Ramon: I should be able to do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when you do smoke. What's proceeding, the smoking. Like, why are you smoking, like what comes before the smoking, as it is now.
I'm
Ramon: I guess is just the urge to want to get high either. Same way, I guess I just want to get high weed has also been part of my rehabilitation process.
Ramon: So,
Ramon: It cut like when I was doing the hardcore stuff. I wasn't really smoking weed at all. I didn't even care about it. But after that, I started picking up smoking a lot more weed than what I was because I wasn't doing the other stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this point, do you believe in the science of the opioid receptors. Do you believe in the science of it.
Ramon: Oh, yeah.
Ramon: Definitely, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that mean that maybe the science about marijuana. You might be
Gwenevere Abriel: receptive to as well.
Ramon: Oh yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the science. There's a lot of science to it, but one piece that might be relevant right now has to do with the pruning that occurs when you continue to smoke. It's one of the reasons why.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it comes to behavioral health
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people will say, Well, we just want to wait as long as we possibly can for a young person to start ingesting cannabis. And the reason is because it's a developing brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's pruning. That's what it's called when you smoke marijuana. It happens when we're like, you know, old to we just we aren't thinking about something and it falls away in our brain and it's gone forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pruning our brain decides, Well, you haven't looked at this thought in years. Why we holding on to it. Let's let it go. And so it prunes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's happening with marijuana, too. And so it's not actually conducive to learning when kids are in school to a developing brain. And that's what we're, you know, we're learning who we are and all these emotional regulation skills and our brain isn't done growing
Gwenevere Abriel: But it also can be happening now where let's say you might run across a coping skill. Let's say you learn something.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could inhibit your ability to learn it might be messing with the very recovery that you're trying to get it could be getting in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just something to think about that. It has a pruning effect. It will just sort of pull away. And that's just one piece. You've already heard about the a motivational stuff. It kind of doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So you already know about all those on. But the people don't really know about is about the pruning, it's not it's not a
Gwenevere Abriel: Good substance, when people are trying to learn something new, it's not great for that. It gets in the way of learning and retaining information, because if it prints it away, lets it go
No, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll keep me posted. Let me know how that goes for you.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And can't help it. Ask. How's your pregnancy going
Ramon: I'm having a little girl.
Ramon: She's wonderfully healthy. The doctor said no. Down syndrome, no nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Oh, goody.
Ramon: So yeah, I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are the dynamics between YouTube
Ramon: Wonderful.
Ramon: It definitely is good. I mean, we still have a little tussles every once in a while, but it's not bad at all.
Ramon: Especially not as she's pregnant. It's kind of like I have to be like okay, dear, you know, to me, so
Gwenevere Abriel: See, notice that seeing her as sort of is it that you see her as fragile, maybe. And so then it's okay. Dear like that.
Ramon: Yeah, I guess you could say.
Ramon: I see here. Oh no, she's like she glows to be now.
Ramon: If that makes sense. I don't know.
Ramon: Like she's always had a glow to her to me. But now she really blows like she shiny. It's weird, like the baby makes her shine.
Ramon: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you doing around
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on, sort of in your community around this social isolation and things like that. Like how is that affecting you.
Ramon: Um, it really doesn't because I still come to work every day, till five and
Ramon: Do my normal routines. But I mean,
Ramon: This last week has been kind of rough on me a little bit, only because of
Ramon: I guess.
Ramon: Hockey urges. I've had really bad batter just this weekend I damn near
Ramon: When
Ramon: Filled one of my urges like I was so close to doing it and it was only because I was super sick. And I was like, I know what will make me feel better because the doctors give it to me at the hospital when I go, you know what I mean. And, uh, so, but I didn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Percocet, or something.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know firsthand because you've had this nausea and you have taken a short acting opiate and it got rid of the najah you know for sure.
Yeah.
Ramon: I like anytime. Anytime I called the ambulance or whatever they come and they come, give me some pain right away. And so for nausea, but once they give me some for the pain. I like I feel good. Damn near instantly.
Ramon: But it's, I don't know why. Why that is maybe because I said I only throw up because of the pain.
Ramon: Is not like I don't throw cuz
Ramon: I don't know nauseated I throw because I'm paying
Gwenevere Abriel: How, um, how, how far back was one of those events. Okay, it's time to call an emergency vehicle to come get me. How far back was
Ramon: Just yesterday,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were picked up by an emergency vehicle yesterday taken to the emergency department and admitted. And what was the discharge diagnosis. What did they, what did they diagnose. She was
Ramon: Same thing. I'm allergic to marijuana. I need to stop smoking.
Ramon: Even though I've been to the emergency room like seven times for the same situation in the past year.
Ramon: Maybe even eight times.
Ramon: Not including the times I've been sick and just stayed home.
Ramon: Because the doctor finally told me, like, not this time I went to the emergency room, but the last time he said, Well, this keeps happening. Best thing for you to do is just stay home and try to sleep it off.
Ramon: And that's what he said to do
Ramon: But it's kind of hard to sleep it off when I'm cold sweat and I'm throwing up in my stomach hurts and I can't keep nothing down. It sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it isn't just pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just a pain.
Ramon: In the morning, yes. What if starts out as just pain that first in my stomach and then that's it. And that's all it does. And then
Ramon: It goes from that to throwing up and then it goes from throwing up to close sweat and then it goes from costless to just being cold and having to figure out whether I want to lay down or sit down or be in a bathtub or be in the shower. You know what I mean, it's crazy sucks.
Ramon: So it's really, really bad.
Ramon: Like, I know I never even with with Drew like that when I used to do heroin and stuff. I never withdrew like that before.
Ramon: Like I used to have like restless leg syndrome and maybe a little bit of diarrhea, and that's it. I wouldn't have cold sweats, like, Yeah, I had trouble sleeping, obviously, but
Ramon: I didn't have co sweat. I was throwing up my stomach was hurting like the only thing I was hurting was like obviously my joints. But that's because I was coming off the opiates, but I've never withdrew like that before. These feels like super withdrawals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I'm surprised with that many visits that they haven't sent you to a specialist or something because this seems pretty significant like
Gwenevere Abriel: It just, it's confusing. Right. I mean, if that many
Ramon: Both. Trust me, I keep going keep wanting to go to the hospital, hoping that they're like are well go here and nothing ever happens like
Ramon: They take me they give me they gave me, Mr eyes there. They took my blood gave me CAT scans. Everything. Nothing like they just don't find anything and they just send me home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how are you feeling right now.
Ramon: I'm good right now like
Ramon: A little tired, cuz last night, I felt like I was withdrawing. Actually, I couldn't sleep. I have restless legs.
Ramon: I was up and down on night I was hot and cold.
Ramon: But
Ramon: So I was really I'm really tired today. But other than that, I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've been taking I wasn't aware though that there was this intermittent short acting opiate use and then long acting and short acting with these visits to the ed that can be
Ramon: Was no cuz
Ramon: Cuz after like the third time I went there, like, All right, well we got your heart rates too low. So we're going to quit giving you
Ramon: Pain medication and we're going to give you nausea medication and give you some else so we actually see what the problem is with your stomach.
Ramon: And so they would they quit and then they give me something to drink that numbed up my GI tract or something. It was I forget what it was called like lick lick lick word something
Ramon: I know but and it wasn't, it wasn't an opiate at all. They said they wanted to quit giving me the opiates, so they could figure out what was wrong.
Ramon: But, at first it was like that. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you meet with them into to see where
Ramon: A man Dr alum and never got into deep discussion, like me, you have like I told him. Yeah, I get sick I throw up this map, but we never got deep into the discussion, like you and I have this now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've, I've got something in the back of my mind that
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the next time we're in group, we may
Gwenevere Abriel: May want to talk a little bit further with a doc, you may say, Hey, let's talk right at the end, create a little time at the end.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what's been going on, I think, I think we got to sort of get his full attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this has been going on too long. And I just wonder if there's something meaningful that maybe he could, he could contribute to it. I don't, I don't know, but if I was throwing up as much as you are. I sure want to know what the heck I hope
Ramon: I've been like I do. And that's why I keep going to the ER, but they don't find nothing at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's look at, you know, some other things going on in your life. Um, let's take a look at some of your goals which is I want to be mentally stronger. What's your assessment of that these days. And what are you doing to make that happen.
Ramon: Um, I'm not quite there yet.
Ramon: But I'm still working on it.
Ramon: And definitely don't have that criminal mentality thinking like I used to us, for sure.
Ramon: It's totally different now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I remember that we had some overlap with criminal thinking where I might say that's that's the addictive mindset lie, cheat, steal do anything you can to get this
Gwenevere Abriel: You for this. Hi, I'm so how do you distinguish that from you were saying earlier you were having cravings. Was that pure and simple. I just want out of the pain.
Ramon: Just pure and simple. Yeah, well. Well, at first it was I just went out the pain.
Ramon: But then after getting out the pain, it kind of went into Oh well, I want some for next time I'm in. I'm hurting. But I might just do it now. So lets you know what I mean. So I just didn't. It was, I don't know, just thinking about it had me going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So if someone in in this program has said my mind starts scheming, it starts planning. Right. It's like an if then it starts scheming it's little schemes, you know, it's got this contingency going, yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say I want to be mentally stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say, I'm not there yet. I certainly don't have the criminal thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know you're not there yet. What will it look like when you reach this goal. I'm mentally strong how you know you're there.
Ramon: You know as crazy as you've asked me this couple times already.
Ramon: Really sure I said it every time. But when I'm able just to deal with things I'm able to just like, oh yeah, whatever. Okay, and walk away and not get upset about the little do not let people get to me.
Ramon: Not finding an easy way out of our situations you know just deal with my situations of
Ramon: Stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is a very honest answer. So what you just said, has to do with upset upsets an emotion reference and it's not about physical pain. This is about letting people get to you. So now we're dipping into communication emotional regulation sense of identity. Those are the pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know more about I want to know what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're doing something. So this thing, right. I'm not getting as
Gwenevere Abriel: Well so funny with you, I, I'm really concerned. I'm going to use the wrong word. And then this whole thing is going to go sideways.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Ramon: Why do you. Why do you say that
Gwenevere Abriel: To just happen just
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, because I want to freely use words I love them but
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll get distracted by by some of them. And instead of just kind of free flowing
Gwenevere Abriel: This scenario where
Gwenevere Abriel: I get the name
Gwenevere Abriel: Pauline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is pregnant and she's glowing that that is an external motivator, keeping you
Gwenevere Abriel: From getting angry. Now this is
Gwenevere Abriel: May not be true. I'm throwing it out there to say if that's happening, then when we take this external motivator away. Then there's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the same thing with the opiate and with the marijuana
Gwenevere Abriel: If you keep saying I'm able to to recover. I'm able to be in this recovery and maybe I'm not doing heroin, but I'm I'm attributing it to buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into marijuana. Guess what, and those are gone, then to so the part in here that happens, hopefully is new skills. But remember, I just mentioned about the marijuana. I don't know how much of it is sticking
Gwenevere Abriel: Because maybe it's just getting forgotten. There's been some other things that go on that maybe haven't you know maybe have gotten in the way too but
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I think you're capable of truly
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing behavioral experiments, much like you did with your friend. That said, think of Pauline.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way you do your Mother treat her see her that way and treat her sort of with that sort of same mindset. I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this I'm going to treat her with what you would call respect. I'll be kind to her that worked for you. That was a reframe and that worked. That's a skill that takes you remembering what that friend said, and you going
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm offended. I don't like what what someone said, I really want to get upset over it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. No, I'm gonna do this skill. I'm going to see, I'm going to treat Pauline with the same respect as I do, mother, that's a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way, some of the things that I want to do with your skills to
Gwenevere Abriel: But we have a particular dynamic that goes on here that gets in the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and so there your progress is stalled. It won't move. It'll only get to like right here right here and it doesn't keep going. Now I've gone into
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the context has to do with your, your, in your workplace. So you're inhibited from maybe like doing inner child work maybe some regressive therapy. Some VM. Dr.
Ramon: Were Linda was going to tell you
Ramon: I have internet at the house now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did.
Ramon: Yes, I got it. Like two weeks ago and I was going to tell you this meeting. So we could do evenings or early morning some, I don't know, whatever you good for you. But if we do early mornings, they would have to be like six o'clock because I leave the house has seven
For work.
Ramon: Evenings it would have to be like six o'clock till I get off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work at 5am a bit of a pickle there. Yeah. Now I'm going to keep that in my mind when something opens up I'll, I'll send that to you, but I think that is great news that says to me that when there's a window of opportunity we might be able to have you home.
Ramon: Where I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: You do a little bit more
Ramon: So we could do it. Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more psychoanalytical stuff because we're sort of stuck with a bit bit of the light and fluffy stuff when you're in the workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that said you, um, you may have had an experience just now, though, we could go in her personal and see what that was like I was bringing up some what I call therapy interfering behavior gets in the way of productive therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have a strong reaction to it.
Ramon: To what
Gwenevere Abriel: To our conversation right
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what is it,
Ramon: So we're talking about with Pauline, or the inner child.
Ramon: Because we didn't really discuss anything about the inner child. You just mentioned that you would like to get into more danger child, but we can't because of the workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to work on my anger. So why don't we visit this idea. I will sort of stay up here on what I was talking about when I was saying internal motivation versus external motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is regulating systems, one of them that you've been able to use. I think has been grounding in the five senses, you've been able to use some
Gwenevere Abriel: breathing techniques.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about something having to do with an identity. What if there's a way to sort of reframe the usefulness. The value of not being angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you like it about yourself. Is there any place that you thought maybe interacting with someone
Gwenevere Abriel: I really don't want to be this. I don't want to be this angry with this person is that come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah. Okay. And who are we talking about
Ramon: Obviously my girlfriend. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was actually thinking was this guy at work, to be honest with you, I was kind of thinking it was this guy, you're gonna bring up so so it is it's happening so
Ramon: Like it has happened, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Let's see what what do you believe about yourself. When she says something that is just inaccurate about you. She has a judgment. She has an assessment and it's off. What does that say about who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning, do you make out.
Ramon: Oh, my guess it just depends on what she says. But
Ramon: I don't know. I wouldn't appreciate it. I would definitely
Ramon: Get upset if it was something I didn't like
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what has getting angry showing anger. What has it gotten you in this particular relationship. What are some of the
Best
Ramon: Party.
Ramon: Gotten me to be more big a whole
Ramon: That's all it like I never, I've never been like, I've told you plenty of times I've never been like this before this the first time ever, for me, so
Ramon: What her letting me get away with certain stuff. Maybe it kind of made me get you bigger ass a little bit. I would have been, I guess. Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what you're saying is
There's some
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some reinforcing that's going on when she what she said she let you get away with it. It kind of random
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your behavior. She didn't maybe call you out. And so because you guys have this loving relationship. Maybe you think I can treat her this this way and kind of get away with it, but it's been going on for so long. And now you want to look at it and
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember when we were first when we were very first starting to work together. I was introducing to you direct communication skills, how much of that is really stuck. So I'm not going to give away. Want to know what has actually stuck in that you're actually using for direct
Ramon: What do you stop. Good. The two things that I mainly use from that time and error because the single like so long ago.
Ramon: Is the listening part Lindner explain on how she feels when she's angry and mirroring the thing. She says, instead of questioning her
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that still working.
Ramon: Sort of
What happens
Ramon: Uh, she gets to just talking and talking and she kind of don't
Ramon: Start making sense. And I'm trying to ask her questions and she just wants to like ramble. And it gets frustrating sometimes because I'm like answer, Michael, I'm trying to talk to you, like, answer me.
Ramon: Okay, well, this is how you feel. But why do you feel like that and she will not like answer the question should just go off to why
Gwenevere Abriel: Me right
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. I'm going to say this back to you and I want you to notice what you notice you ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. First, you said, I've been listening and mirroring
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you said, I'm asking her questions and I'm asking her why
Gwenevere Abriel: They were right after each other to you. Are those two things the same listening and marrying the same as
Gwenevere Abriel: Demanding she answer your question.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the same
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, but did you recognize. Just now when I kind of caught it.
Ramon: I used about the same. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're very different
Ramon: Yeah, they are. I just use them in a wrong. I use them in the wrong way in the same
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're just separate conversations on one hand you do fine. Let's stick with the first one, then do you know in a conversation. You can say, Pauline. I'm trying to just listen. But I can't think about all the hundred things. You keep saying, Can we take a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: With what you just said, do you know you have a right, in a sense, as a human to say I want to process what you just said. So notice how she keeps you called it rambling keeps talking but you want it. I think just take a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you
Ramon: Yeah. Cuz sometimes
Ramon: She'll talk so fast that I got an answer fast. And sometimes I'll say things that I don't mean or something that I didn't think about before I said it. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, just wait we're doing it again. Answer fast, all of you, if all you're doing is listening and mirroring. There's no answering. So see how I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I was a fly on the wall in your phone. I don't know if you're doing the mirroring. Let's do it right now. I'm just going to pop quiz on. You see how you do. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so, um, I felt anxious
Ramon: And mostly anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Very nice. Okay, so you got it. So, but you do. Yeah. But notice how earlier said I want to answer her fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slowing down Ramon, if you want to marry someone just like you did just now, notice how I stopped talking I stopped getting you or to mirror I shushed
Gwenevere Abriel: I giggled, because it was funny because you did it so quickly, but you didn't kind of interrupt me. I didn't quite get to finish, but that's okay. You did it with fidelity and you did it beautifully.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I didn't ask you a question. I just said you know how I felt anxious and I was gonna say I'm also kind of hungry and you know and it happened when you slam the door when we were leaving us Safeway.
Ramon: Oh, so. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So having
Gwenevere Abriel: That part back because I've, I've got embedded in there. I'm kind of blaming you.
Ramon: Okay, so say one more time so I can marry. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, no, I don't know that this is how Pauline talks. I'm making it easy on. Yeah.
Ramon: Yeah yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel nervous and and i know i'm also kind of grumpy kid for being hungry but it all started when you slam the door when we were leaving Safeway.
Ramon: Oh, so you feel nervous and also grumpy because of
Ramon: Me slamming the door before we love Safeway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so a mirror doesn't ask a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: So statement a mirror is a statement. Notice how your voice went up.
Ramon: In a question was, could you put a lot of things in one thing
Gwenevere Abriel: You did great. I know, I know you did great. But it's also right it's also the way it's going to come at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not even going to be that slow. So here's
Ramon: It isn't that all
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be coming very fast.
Ramon: Because she's screaming and crying on top of it, sometimes not. Not a lot lately, not at all like we've been doing really, really well. We've only had one incident in like the last month.
Gwenevere Abriel: So was the skill that was needed. The ability for you to to separate for 1020 minutes. Get your heads cooler come back and talk
Gwenevere Abriel: About how you each feel like I got myself. I feel offended when you blame me for blah, blah, blah. And the other person's like, well, I felt, you know, unimportant. When you blah, blah, blah.
Ramon: And you both. And that's, that's pretty much exactly what we did, because I left the house and then I came back like an hour later and we just talked about what happened, and we were cool like we weren't fighting or nothing. It was crazy out worked out.
Ramon: Yeah.
Ramon: But it worked out pretty well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that you're measuring how you're doing with your anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't get upset. I won't care kind of about what people think. Notice that you're kind of measuring your progress that way.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have this fantasy. Maybe that you'll never get mad again.
Ramon: No, I just have this fantasy that I'm able to control it.
Ramon: Like, I don't have to let people when I mean controller like don't let people see
Ramon: See me getting angry. You know what I mean. But yeah, I could go to the bathroom or to the back end, but whatever. When I'm by myself, but I don't want them to see that they're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now, but is that is that like a pride thing I'm
Ramon: Pretty much. I guess you could say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning they kind of have power over you if they can get to you.
Ramon: Yeah, definitely. And that's irks me a lot.
Ramon: It gets me more mad when I definitely see that I'm getting mad about it to like it just sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at my calendar here and just see what what might already be open.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're okay with it. Are you still attending group on a weekly basis or bi weekly
Ramon: Weekly, so far as I know love okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: When we meet on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconscious, let's just set something up. Then as I can't really tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing I have open. Are these are these afternoon times
Ramon: Taking you know I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now I have may 13
Gwenevere Abriel: At well
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a windstorm okay we'll get that one in place in case something else opens up
Gwenevere Abriel: We could do something
Gwenevere Abriel: At home, that's really good news. I haven't been doing any weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work the
Gwenevere Abriel: The eyes. I have to actually rest my eyes, believe it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to find time to rest them because it's, it's, I'm spending a lot of time online. So it's really important in
Ramon: Front of the light. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what the heck it is. It's my glasses or not. So I'm gonna keep my eye out for an opportunity. I'm thrilled that you have that internet at home. I'm excited about what opportunities open for us. And I will see you on Friday.
Ramon: I'm ready. Thank you.